---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering - Week ten
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b><br>
The week was all about Bootstrap, Reacts and JavaScript for the second phase of the project. We are concentrating on the back end part, with the scrapping of database, and two of us spent some time engineering the front end. I had two important interviews, one in the final face-to-face interview and another is the second round.

<b>What's in your way?</b><br>
Many of us are really busy with other classes's tests and interviews so the progress of the project is pretty slow and it’s difficult to get together and work in group. I'm still struggling with Bootstrap and Reacts.

<b>What will you do next week?</b><br>
We are in full steam this weekend and next week to have phase two of the project finished on time. Besides, I need to prepare for an interview coming next week, and I hope I would complete every thing early and spend more time to fix the unit tests which are just dummies in phase one.

In class, we learned about regular expressions. They are pretty useful but hard to remember and need time to fully understand. We had a presentation from Pariveda Solutions on Wednesday and their work seems interesting and unique. My mind was on the interview so I rarely remember much about the presentation. It was really disappointed for me not to participate in the department’s 50 year Anniversary due to my illness on Friday. Maybe I'll be lucky next ... 5 or 10 years.

<i>Question of the week: </i> “Is it fair that you think “it’s OK” when Kayne West earned 34 million of dollars in only one tour but "it's not OK" when a CEO of a company which have billions of dollars in profit and hiring thousands of employees who got 20 millions a year?”
